So now that we have this centerpiece here, because as you see, this is used.
I brought him here as well.
Let's go ahead and finish this structuring of this, the main screen here onto actually getting the
data in this case, books and do all sort of things that we need to do.
OK, so let's go ahead and finish the structure here.
So first, let's go ahead and add this reading list, right?
And then.
This structure at the bottom there, which is going to be a list of books as well.
All right.
Let's close this down.
So we're still before we move forward, let's move things around here because some of these are not
needed in the home.
So I'm going to cut this and go to our component.
In fact, I can just be smarter about this by just say, Command E or control e for windows and look
for components.
Looks like it's right there.
And I'm just going to add that here as well, which means now.
Back in our.
We need to call that.
OK, let's go ahead and.
Import cat, OK, and we can also get rid of our list card and get rid of it, make it better, move
it somewhere else.
In this case.
Here.
OK, looks like we need to do something important here.
And, OK, everything should be good.
Back, we need to also import driverless card.
OK.
Very good.
So let's go ahead and run just to make sure that everything is still working perfectly.
OK, so everything's so great, that's great.
All right, let's go ahead and add the this structure here reading list, so I know it's going to be
really easy.
First of all, we have to figure out where we're going to add that.
And also, let's move this guy here.
I don't think it needs to be here.
Let's go back.
And added there.
Let's get rid of some imports here that are no longer needed since we added that class, they're OK.
All right.
It's very good, very good.
So we have this reading right now, area, so what are we going to do, actually?
We're going to call this reading right now inside here.
And then after our row, I'm going to call here reading right now.
The say list of they and just snap controller, because we're going to we are going to change a few
things later anyway.
So let's go ahead and rerun this to make sure we can still see what we need to see.
OK, that's good.
So we just we just restructured a few things because we want separate everything.
That way, we can add more things inside of our Rigney right now.
So so far we're just going to pass this list card so we can see things working.
All right.
So let's go to where this is being called there.
What do we do next is I'm going to pass the title section again and label this time is going to be reading
list.
So what I'm doing, I'm really using that composable, which we used earlier, and now I'm going to
pass it down here to have this reading list like this.
All right.
And then here I'm going to put another.
And then here is where I'm going to put this other section here, which is going to contain this, so
I'm going to say book list area.
Getting my say list of books you say.
Empty list for now.
It's going to be an empty list of books because these are the types that we need and they don't pass
if you model which you will see later, I say view model.
All right, and then let's pass it NAF controller here as well.
All right, let's go ahead and create this composable at the bottom here.
OK, so there we have it.
So what is going to happen here?
So we're going to have, of course, a list of books shown there.
What I'm going to do here, I'm going to actually call a horizontal scrollable.
Component that we will create in a second here.
So for this, I'm just going to pass books.
Might just list of books as such and.
And that's it for now, let's go ahead and actually create this other composable as well there.
All right.
So here is the component.
Let me go ahead and.
Refactor this component.
So what am I going to do here?
Well, first of all, I'm going to create a scrollable view.
So when I say foul scrollable or scroll scroll state like, say like such and let's say, remember scroll
state.
Like this?
OK.
And then I'm going to say row, because all of this is going to be inside of a row.
Add a modifier fail Max with and then I'm going to give it a height of about 280 DB, so I'm creating
this structure here where we're going to have scrollable view, OK, once I have that.
Let's see what else.
Right?
Because it's a row, I want to make sure that also I pass the horizontal scroll state, which I'm going
to pass the scroll state as such.
Well, for now, what I'm going to do, we're going to do a lot of other things later.
But for now, I'm just going to create a for here, I'm going to say book in books.
I think the list of books, that's what we called it, and I'm going to just go ahead and create that
list card.
And pass that book.
Like this?
Right?
And for each one of these cards, remember this card has if you have over it, we have that on press
detail.
So we want to make sure that when that is clicked, we do something right.
So I can't say on card press.
In fact, I can add this right here.
On hard pressed, it's going to be expecting a string of some type later and it's going to just be a
unit like this.
All right.
So now I'm going to pass delegate that event.
So on Card pressed.
I'm going to pass that it like that and we'll get there later.
This is not the end.
We will have more to do later.
OK, so this on card now in our Always-On tool.
So now in our book list area, I add it is horizontal scrollable component here.
Of course, I can go ahead later, do something, say to do one, click on card clicked.
Go to details OK, or navigate.
OK, so just for testing, let's go ahead and see where this is being called right about here.
Just remove that.
I guess what I'm going to do.
I did tap here in our home content.
Let's go ahead and say something like this off.
Our list of books can be a list of books, and I'm going to be equal to say he's equal to a list of
well past few books here.
So first one, I'm going to say am book.
Let's keep in it.
Some gibberish
and title.
Hello again.
Sirs, all of us and notes, we know we don't need anything, just put it all like this.
OK, let's copy and a few.
So that doesn't matter.
There's going to be again, it's going to be hello.
And that's fine.
So now we have a list of books and then we can pass this list of books.
Here sort of empty list, just past that list of books, and that is indeed what's going to be received
in our book list.
List of books.
And then we're going to go past that into horizontal scroll view component, which is going to go and
look through and create a cart.
OK, a lot of moving parts, but essentially what we're doing here is that we added, or let's make
sure I open this.
Essentially, we're going to do here is that we are adding this structure at the bottom here, and we
just want to see a list of books, even though there are the same books want to see them showing here.
All right, let's go ahead and run this real quick and see.
Hopefully it works.
And there you have it.
So now you have a few books that are showing at the bottom there.
Oh, this is so great.
All right, just like that, we have something, in fact that looks exactly like what we have here and
we have that functionality.
The beauty now is that since we have this all set up, it will be way easier than because all we need
to do now is look for data and the data will come later.
But at least we have the infrastructure set up so that once we are able to search for books and add
the books in the ribs and retrieve them, then they can just all have to do, of course, is to get
that information, the data of our books and populate passing it through, just like we did passing
through this list of books in our code.
And then we're done.
And then we should see reflected here.
And if I click, nothing will happen.
But at least we all know that we're clicking the right book.
And let's see.
Let's see.
We want to make sure that when that book is clicked, we pass that item of whatever that book has been
clicked.
What is I want to pass here?
This is it.
It's going to be the strength of the book and see what is it?
Let's go.
I had.
And where this is called right here.
Let's see if we can say log I logged like this.
And passed it.
In this case, it's let's run this real quick.
OK, let's click this book of couple of times.
It's slow to look at this one again.
Looks like something is not right here.
OK?
There we go.
Let's click says hello again, so it's getting the title of the book that we're clicking, clicking,
so I was click on my phone there to say this book title.
Click it says book title.
But we didn't change something.
Let's go back to work hard.
That's why it's not reflecting the actual titles of the book.
So if you go back to our card?
Liscard.
Right here, of course, we're going to just pass the book object.
There we go.
It's a book that title like that, and for authors, we need to make this an olive oil and wrap that
just say to string, that's fine.
And for our authors, say book.
Authors to screen and which should be good now actually reflect the objects that we're passing.
All the books are passing.
You can see the change now in our books.
But now we got all this.
Hello, everything, it's great.
If you click any of these, you can see LOLCat.
We're going to get the corrected reflection here.
Let's show you just look at the bottom here.
But hello again.
How about this one?
It's not doing anything because we didn't wrap it with the new component.
It's OK, but there we go.
It's indeed working.